So, here I have logged in from another id, which is the standard output id.
And here I have marked all the things, I have put the image.
I have written the first name, last name.
I have written about.
After about, I have written experience.
After experience, I have written role here.
And I have written skill here.
So, till now, we have made the portfolio only with the id of techy recon.
But now, we are also making the portfolio with the id of this core.standard output.
As soon as we submit here, our information will be saved in sanity.
And as soon as the information is saved, we click on visit your portfolio.
So, we reach the id of core.standard output.
See this.
And as soon as we come here, our everything is visible.
Our core.standard output is also basically a portfolio.
Let's go to about.
So, all the things in about will be shown to you.
Right?
And then you will go to contact.
So, things will be shown to you in contact.
So, here you can see that our email id was this.
The first part of this is core.standard output.
We have used it as an id in the url.
Okay.
So, now if any person will search techy recon, then that person will see the portfolio of techy recon.
And if any person will search core.standard output,
then he will see the portfolio of techy recon.
And instead of this, you can add a lot of users.
A lot of.
You can add lakhs of users who can make a portfolio in your website.
What an amazing project, right?
The template will be the same.
Only the data will change.
By whom?
By this id.
Okay.
And after this, you can go to the main page.
And by going here, we will also log out here.
So, even after logging out here, we will see the portfolio of that user.
Okay.
Whether you are logged in or logged out, you will see everyone's portfolio.
And you can share it.
After this, now we will deploy it.
And this will be an actual site which you can mention in your resume with a link.
And now you can enhance it more from your side.
And how you will enhance it, we will tell you later.
What other good things you can add to it.